caf: ble_adv: Update advertising data configuration documentation (#8457)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF Machine Learning (Edge Impulse)
-----------------------------------

* Added configuration of :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme`.
  The subsystem is now used instead of the :file:`*.def` file to configure advertising data and scan response data in :ref:`caf_ble_adv`.

> * Updated Bluetooth advertising data and scan response data logic.
>   * The UUID128 of Nordic UART Service (NUS) is added to the scan response data only if the NUS is enabled and used Bluetooth local identity has no bond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Bluetooth advertising data and scan response data logic.
  The UUID128 of Nordic UART Service (NUS) is now added to the scan response data only if the NUS is enabled and the Bluetooth local identity in use has no bond.
```

  The feature can be turned on using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_STATE_SECURITY_REQ`.
* nRF Desktop dongles start peripheral discovery immediately after Bluetooth LE connection is established.
  The dongles no longer wait until the connection is secured.
* Added configuration of :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme`.
  The subsystem is now used instead of the :file:`*.def` file to configure advertising data and scan response data in :ref:`caf_ble_adv`.
* Updated Bluetooth advertising data and scan response data logic.

  * The TX power included in the advertising packet is no longer hardcoded, the application reads it from the Bluetooth controller.
    The TX power is included in advertising packets also if used Bluetooth local identity has bond.

>   * The UUID16 of Battery Service (BAS) and Human Interface Device Service (HIDS) are inluced in advertising packets only if used Bluetooth local identity has no bond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The UUID16 of Battery Service (BAS) and Human Interface Device Service (HIDS) are included in advertising packets only if the Bluetooth local identity in use has no bond.
```
